README.md, before:


<img src="images/logo.jpeg" alt="BinGoggles" width="700" height="700"/>

# Introducing BinGoggles
BinGoggles is a static taint analysis framework for Binary Ninja. It tracks variable flow both *within* and *across* functions supporting full inter/intraprocedural slicing, including globals, structs, and function parameters.

Want to write your own analysis? Start with `bingoggles/modules.py` it shows how UAF detection was built using the core engine.

### What is a "Complete Slice"?
A **complete slice** traces a tainted variable's full journey through function calls, across boundaries, and deep into control/data paths. It's end-to-end propagation, made simple.

## How is BinGoggles Unique?
- [x] **Platform agnostic** – Runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows
- [x] **Intraprocedural and interprocedural analysis** – Track variable flow within and across functions
- [X] **Imported function analysis** – User defines any external libraries for deeper analysis
- [x] **Architecture/language agnostic (mostly)** – Works with any binary that loads into Binary Ninja
- [x] **Supports all variable types** – Local variables, struct members, globals, and function parameters
- [x] **Easy-to-use API** – Designed for extensibility with plenty of usage examples
- [x] **Bidirectional taint analysis** – Supports both forward and backward slicing
- [x] **Embedded-friendly** – Well-suited for firmware and embedded target analysis
- [x] **Headless compatible** – Supports both Hugsy’s and Binary Ninja’s headless modes

## Install
#### A) Setup python virtual environment
```bash
$ python3 -m venv .bg
$ source .bg/bin/activate
```

#### B) Install the requirements
```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
# Install binaryninja API in the virtual environment
$ /path/to/binaryninja/scripts/linux-setup.sh
$ python3 setup.py install
$ pip install -e .
```

#### Using BinGoggles with [Hugsy Headless](https://github.com/hugsy/binja-headless)
- Before running this you obviously need to install and configure hugsy headless. 
```python
from bingoggles.bingoggles_types import *
from bingoggles.bg import Analysis

test_bin_path = "/home/pope/dev/BinGoggles/test/binaries/bin/test_mlil_store"
bg_init = BGInitRpyc(target_bin=test_bin_path)

bv, libraries_mapped = bg_init.init()

analysis = Analysis(
    binaryview=bv, verbose=True, libraries_mapped=libraries_mapped
)

analysis.tainted_slice(
    target=TaintTarget(0x08049258, "eax_7"),
    var_type=SlicingID.FunctionVar,
)
```

#### Example usage (running a test case)
```bash
python3 -m pytest -s --rpyc test/test_auxiliary.py::test_global_tracking_fwd_var
```

## Generating Documentation
```bash
cd docs
make html
cd ..
xdg-open docs/build/html/index.html
```

## Contributions
- **Report issues**: If you encounter a bug or have a feature request, please open an issue so we can track and address it.

- **Submit pull requests**: Want to improve the code or documentation? Fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request—PRs are reviewed on a regular basis.

- **Join the discussion**: Have questions or ideas? Drop a comment in issues or join our community channels to share your thoughts.

- **Spread the word** — Tweet about your favorite feature, share in Slack/Discord channels, or write a blog post.

Thank you for helping make BinGoggles better!

Commit message:

feat(analysis): implement automated parameter recasting to improve vararg function detection
Automatically recasts function parameters during analysis to better identify variadic functions,
especially in cases where casts are missing or confidence is low. This enhances both initial
parameter resolution and downstream variable tracking in MLIL.

Changes:

    Added auto_param_recast() to analyze function call sites and insert synthetic parameters for variadic slots

Improved detection of missing varargs by inspecting stack usage and indirect references beyond declared parametersModified parameter_vars interpretation logic to include recast parameters where appropriateAvoids recast in cases where confidence in existing parameters is high or explicitly definedRefactored internal analysis utilities to support the injection of synthetic variables
This improves auto-analysis coverage for functions with variadic signatures, particularly in stripped or obfuscated binaries.

README.md, after:


<img src="images/logo.jpeg" alt="BinGoggles" width="700" height="700"/>

# Introducing BinGoggles
BinGoggles is a static taint analysis framework for Binary Ninja. It tracks variable flow both *within* and *across* functions supporting full inter/intraprocedural slicing, including globals, structs, and function parameters.

Want to write your own analysis? Start with `bingoggles/modules.py` it shows how UAF detection was built using the core engine.

### What is a "Complete Slice"?
A **complete slice** traces a tainted variable's full journey through function calls, across boundaries, and deep into control/data paths. It's end-to-end propagation, made simple.

## How is BinGoggles Unique?
- [x] **Platform agnostic** – Runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows
- [x] **Intraprocedural and interprocedural analysis** – Track variable flow within and across functions
- [X] **Imported function analysis** – User defines any external libraries for deeper analysis
- [x] **Architecture/language agnostic (mostly)** – Works with any binary that loads into Binary Ninja
- [x] **Supports all variable types** – Local variables, struct members, globals, and function parameters
- [x] **Easy-to-use API** – Designed for extensibility with plenty of usage examples
- [x] **Bidirectional taint analysis** – Supports both forward and backward slicing
- [x] **Embedded-friendly** – Well-suited for firmware and embedded target analysis
- [x] **Headless compatible** – Supports both Hugsy’s and Binary Ninja’s headless modes
- [X] **Automated Function Argument Detection & Assignment** - Heuristically identifies and applies variable argument conventions to function parameters during analysis, improving the completeness of analysis.

## Install
#### A) Setup python virtual environment
```bash
$ python3 -m venv .bg
$ source .bg/bin/activate
```

#### B) Install the requirements
```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
# Install binaryninja API in the virtual environment
$ /path/to/binaryninja/scripts/linux-setup.sh
$ python3 setup.py install
$ pip install -e .
```

#### Using BinGoggles with [Hugsy Headless](https://github.com/hugsy/binja-headless)
- Before running this you obviously need to install and configure hugsy headless. 
```python
from bingoggles.bingoggles_types import *
from bingoggles.bg import Analysis

test_bin_path = "/home/pope/dev/BinGoggles/test/binaries/bin/test_mlil_store"
bg_init = BGInitRpyc(target_bin=test_bin_path)

bv, libraries_mapped = bg_init.init()

analysis = Analysis(
    binaryview=bv, verbose=True, libraries_mapped=libraries_mapped
)

analysis.tainted_slice(
    target=TaintTarget(0x08049258, "eax_7"),
    var_type=SlicingID.FunctionVar,
)
```

#### Example usage (running a test case)
```bash
python3 -m pytest -s --rpyc test/test_auxiliary.py::test_global_tracking_fwd_var
```

## Generating Documentation
```bash
cd docs
make html
cd ..
xdg-open docs/build/html/index.html
```

## Contributions
- **Report issues**: If you encounter a bug or have a feature request, please open an issue so we can track and address it.

- **Submit pull requests**: Want to improve the code or documentation? Fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request—PRs are reviewed on a regular basis.

- **Join the discussion**: Have questions or ideas? Drop a comment in issues or join our community channels to share your thoughts.

- **Spread the word** — Tweet about your favorite feature, share in Slack/Discord channels, or write a blog post.

Thank you for helping make BinGoggles better!
